zed: delete by predicate (#3791)
brimdata/zed: docs/zed/README.md

underlying data objects thereby allowing time travel to work in the face
of deletes.

> If the -where flag is specified, delete will remove all values that return true
> the for the provided boolean expressions . Currently the filter expressions is
> limited in that it must be against the pool key and it must be a single relative
> comparison (e.g., `-where 'ts <= now() - 3h'`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the -where flag is specified, delete will remove all values for which the
provided filter expression is true. The filter expression must be single comparison
against the pool key using <, <=, > or >= (e.g., -where 'ts <= now() - 3h').
```
